{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Instructions
\f1\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 You have been provided a PSD with a design of an interior page of a website. Please take this asset and turn it into a fully functional static page that could be used for integration with a yet to be determined CMS. This will be a much larger site than a single page, and your code should be written to be flexible and reusable throughout the site. Show us your best start to a code base that will be scalable, flexible, maintainable, semantic and accessible. Build in a progressively enhanced manner - attention to detail should be high, but minor aesthetic details may differ depending on the native functionality of each required browser. As you make these decisions, justify them in a read-me file.
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 Challenge Requirements
\f1\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Browser Support\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}IE7+\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}Chrome - Latest Stable Release\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}Firefox - Latest Stable Release\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}Safari - Latest Stable Release\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Pixel Perfection\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}Make sure the design matches the PSD in all required browsers\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Frameworks, Plugins, and Polyfills\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}With the exception of jQuery, please avoid frameworks, plugins and polyfills for HTML, CSS, & JS - We\'92d like to see what you\'92re capable of doing when handcrafting your own code\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Carousel\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}The carousel should support up to a max of 4 images but there may be less when integrated with the back end\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}The carousel should auto-rotate on page load and stop rotating when the user interacts with it, continuing its rotation once the user is no longer in the hit area of the carousel.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Media\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}Please use the images in the PSD and not placeholder images\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}Videos do not need to play\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Twitter Widget\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}Please embed a standard Twitter widget for the user @crispinmulberry and include a working copy in the code\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Ads\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}Use static images for the ads, no integration is necessary\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Forms\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}Forms do not need to submit, but should be marked up appropriately to be a functional form\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 If you have any questions, contact aticknor@nerdery.com.
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 When you have completed the code challenge, please email a zip file of all the assets and provide a URL to a working copy. Also include any notes or documentation you feel are necessary. Thanks and good luck!}